feat(inputs.mikrotik): Add plugin (#16081)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/mikrotik/README.md

  agent = "https://192.168.88.1"

  # User to use. Read access rights will be enough
  username = "admin"
  password = "password"

  # Mikrotik's entities whose comments contain this strings will be ignored
  ignore_comments = [
      "Facebook",
      "block",
      "doNotGatherMetricsFromThis"
  ]

  # Modules available to use. At least one shall be chosen
  include_modules = [
      "interface",
      "interface_wireguard_peers",
      "interface_wireless_registration",
      "ip_dhcp_server_lease",
      "ip_firewall_connection",
      "ip_firewall_filter",
      "ip_firewall_nat",
      "ip_firewall_mangle",
      "ipv6_firewall_connection",
      "ipv6_firewall_filter",
      "ipv6_firewall_nat",
      "ipv6_firewall_mangle",
      "system_script",
      "system_resourses"
  ]

  ## Optional TLS Config
  # tls_ca = "/etc/telegraf/ca.pem"
  # tls_cert = "/etc/telegraf/cert.pem"
  # tls_key = "/etc/telegraf/key.pem"
  ## Use TLS but skip chain & host verification
  # insecure_skip_verify = false

  ## HTTP response timeout (default: 5s)
  response_timeout = "5s"
```

## Metrics

> For each exact module there will be different set of modules and tags based on
> the JSON structure that is returned from the exact REST endpoint. You can take

Reviewer: It's hard to understand as you use `module` with different meanings I guess. How about
```suggestion
For each queried module there will be a different set of values and tags based on
the JSON structure that is returned from the REST endpoint. You can take
```
